 

Drylab

NJEWS

for investors & friends - May 2017

 

Welcome to our first newsletter of 2017! It's
been a while since the last one, and a lot has
happened. We promise to keep them coming
every two months hereafter, and permit
ourselves to make this one rather long. The
big news is the beginnings of our launch in
the American market, but there are also
interesting updates on sales, development,
mentors and (of course) the investment
round that closed in January.

New capital: The investment round was
successful. We raised 2.13 MNOK to match

54

the 2.05 MNOK loan from Innovation
Norway. Including the development
agreement with Filmlance International, the
total new capital is 5 MNOK, partly tied to
the successful completion of milestones. All
formalities associated with this process are
now finalized.

New owners: We would especially like to
warmly welcome our new owners to the
Drylab family: Unni Jacobsen, Torstein Jahr,
Suzanne Bolstad, Eivind Bergene, Turid Brun,
Vigdis Trondsen, Lea Blindheim, Kristine

Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences - Alesha & Jamie Metzger - Amazon
AWS: Apple - Caitlin Burns, PGA- Carlos Melcer- Chimney L.A.- Dado Valentic -

Dave Stump: DIT WIT - ERA NYC - Facebook - Fancy Film FilmLight - Geo Labelle -

meetings
NY - SF
LA-LV

Google - IBM: Innovation Norway (NYC) - Innovation Norway (SF)- International
Cinematographers Guild: NBC- Local 871- Netflix. Pomfort- Radiant Images -
Screening Room - Signiant - Moods of Norway - Tapad - Team Downey
Holmsen, Torstein Hansen, and Jostein
Aanensen. We look forward to working with
you!

Sales: Return customer rate is now 80%,
proving value and willingness to pay. Film
Factory Montreal is our first customer in
Canada. Lumiere Numeriques have started
using us in France. We also have new
customers in Norway, and high-profile users
such as Gareth Unwin, producer of Oscar-
winning | he King's Speech. Revenue for the
first four months is 200 KNOK, compared to
339 KNOK for all of 2016. We are working
ona partnership to safeguard sales in
Norway while beginning to focus more on
the US.

 

New team members: We've extended our
organization with two permanent developers
based in £6dz, the film capital of Poland. Two
highly skilled interns from the University of
Oslo's Entrepreneurship Program, will be
working on market research until mid-June
(starting in March), preparing for the US
launch. Also, two computer science students
are working as part-time interns during
spring, on machine learning and analysis
research, as well as innovative architectures
based on the Swift language. We hope our
interns will consider sticking around!

New mentor: We are honored to have
Caitlin Burns joining us as a mentor. She's an

accomplished producer based in New York,
an active member of the Producers Guild of
America, and the collaboration has already
yielded good results, including valuable
contacts for our visit in Los Angeles. Oscar-
winning VFX supervisor Dave Stump joined
us earlier.

New York, St. Louis, San Francisco and
Los Angeles: Pontus and Audun did a tour
of the US in February and March, meeting
users, partners and potential customers. The
trip was very successful, with several high
points, including meetings with Netflix, the
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences, the International
Cinematographers Guild, Local 871 (the
script supervisors’ union), one of the world's
leading DITs, and Apple. See the separate
attachment for a more detailed summary.

NAB: Andreas and Audun travelled to the
National Association of Broadcasters
convention (NAB) in Las Vegas for three
hectic days in April. NAB gathers 100,000
participants from film and TV. It's a very
efficient way of meeting people in the
business, and getting an updated picture of
the business landscape. The most exciting
meeting was with PIX System, one of our
most important competitors. It was
interesting to note that they regarded the
indie market as bigger than their own.
Andreas was able to secure us an
invitation to the DIT-WIT party, with some of
the world's leading DITs in attendance. It was
a great place for informal feedback on Drylab
Viewer. The pattern was the same as for
other users: Initial polite interest turns to
real enthusiasm the moment someone is able
to personally try Drylab Viewer! We also
met with Pomfort and Apple about our on-
going collaborations; ARRI and Teradek/
ot ahah 3
aE

ran 5
Za gill”

Li
ae

i]

—

 

Wa aa

 
